fix(README): overall improvements (#2080)
octokit/octokit.js: README.md

### REST API

> There are two ways of using the GitHub REST API, the [`octokit.rest.*` endpoint methods](#endpoint-methods) and [`octokit.request`](#arbitrary-requests). Both act on the same GitHub REST API and `octokit.rest` is just a set of convenience methods that use `octokit.request` internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways of using the GitHub REST API, the [`octokit.rest.*` endpoint methods](#endpoint-methods) and [`octokit.request`](#arbitrary-requests). Both act the same way, the `octokit.rest.*` methods are just added for convenience, they use `octokit.request` internally.
```

});
```

> In both cases a given request is authenticated, retried, and throttled transparently by the `octokit` instance which also manages the `accept` and `user-agent` headers as needed.

Author: Moved this up because I'm assuming this is true for both rest and request. If not, that's a pretty big differentiator between the two and should be called out

> `octokit.request` is somewhat lower level and can be used to send requests to other domains by passing a full URL and to send requests to endpoints that are not (yet) documented in [GitHub's REST API documentation](https://docs.github.com/rest).

Reviewer: I think the `lower level` part is clear, maybe we can leave it out?

```suggestion
`octokit.request` can be used to send requests to other domains by passing a full URL and to send requests to endpoints that are not (yet) documented in [GitHub's REST API documentation](https://docs.github.com/rest).
```

> #### `octokit.rest` endpoint methods ([`@octokit/plugin-rest-endpoint-methods`](https://github.com/octokit/plugin-rest-endpoint-methods.js/#readme))

Author: This will mess with the anchors so you may not want to use this exact form. could just leave it in the text as a link in "See the xxx doc for more details". Or consider making the section heading text be the link text. Depends if you want some formal exposure of the rest/request/graphql component names

Reviewer: yeah I don't like that change. We can leave out the module name altogether here and mention it in the text
```suggestion
#### `octokit.rest` endpoint methods
```

});
```

The `octokit.rest` endpoint methods are generated automatically from [GitHub's OpenAPI specification](https://github.com/github/rest-api-description/). We track operation ID and parameter name changes in order to implement deprecation warnings and reduce the frequency of breaking changes.

> Under the covers, every endpoint method is actually an instance of `octokit.request` with defaults set, so it supports the same parameters as well as the `.endpoint()` API.

Author: Question": Does every *method* have it's own **instance** of `request`.  Feels like a bit too much implementation detail that leads to that kind of question. What's the main user-facing point you're looking to convey here?

Reviewer: `request` is not a class, instance is the wrong term here. `request` is a function, but you can create a custom function with defaults by using [`request.defaults()`](https://github.com/octokit/request.js/#requestdefaults).

We can remove the instance wording altogether, what do you think?

```suggestion
Under the covers, every endpoint method is just `octokit.request` with defaults set, so it supports the same parameters as well as the `.endpoint()` API.
```

> #### Arbitrary requests

Author: Would be good to find a different name for this. This is really the `request` api but aside from a small number (hopefully zero) of APIs that have not made it into the schema, can I call more things than with `rest`? If so, what?

Reviewer: It’s mostly used for 

1. id based routes, which are not yet part of the OpenAPI spec
2. Requests to other domains / other APIs
3. Some people prefer using the request method over the rest endpoint methods because there are fewer changes. Maintenance cost is lower over time

Author: 1. Got it on the first one. 
2. Not sure I understand the second. What other domains (you mean GHES instances? Shouldn't that be handled automatically somehow?) Other APIs?
3. Completely see the style/aesthetic angle. May need to talk more about changes and maintenance. I would have thought it was the other way around (that `rest` is higher level and so would insulate people from underlying change).

Reviewer: > 2. Not sure I understand the second. What other domains (you mean GHES instances? Shouldn't that be handled automatically somehow?) Other APIs?

entirely different APIs. If you build a GitHub app with Octokit but also need to talk to other API endpoints, then the easiest is to use `octokit.request("GET https://api.some-service.com/entities")`

> 3. Completely see the style/aesthetic angle. May need to talk more about changes and maintenance. I would have thought it was the other way around (that `rest` is higher level and so would insulate people from underlying change).

With the rest endpoint methods the `operationId` and the parameters `in: path` are significant. Any change basically results in a breaking change for the rest API. To avoid to many breaking changes, I keep track of them here and declare deprecations: https://github.com/octokit/openapi/tree/main/changes. The deprecations help with migrating to the new method names / parameter names, but just using `ocotkit.request` with a hard coded path prevents you from being bothered by all these changes in the first place

Reviewer: How about we change the title to just `octokit.request`

```suggestion
#### `octokit.request()`
```

> You can call the GitHub REST API directly using `octokit.request`. The `reqeust` API matches GitHub's REST API documentation 1:1 so anything you see there, you can call using `request`. See [`@octokit/request`](https://github.com/octokit/request.js#readme) for all the details.

Author: If `rest` matches the schema and `request` matches the doc and the doc is driven from the schema, shouldn't they all match?  I get that there may be point in time gaps but in theory the team is looking to drive that window to (near) zero and have the schema be the authority for everything. Given that, how should we position `request`?

Perhaps focusing on "you can cut and past the doc's api URL path directly"?

Reviewer: typo 

```suggestion
You can call the GitHub REST API directly using `octokit.request`. The `request` API matches GitHub's REST API documentation 1:1 so anything you see there, you can call using `request`. See [`@octokit/request`](https://github.com/octokit/request.js#readme) for all the details.
```

Example: [Create an issue](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/issues#create-an-issue)

[![Screenshot of REST API reference documentation for Create an issue](assets/create-an-issue-reference.png)](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/issues#create-an-issue)

The `octokit.request` API call corresponding to that issue creation documentation looks like this:

> ```js

Reviewer: I like adding the link to the documentation, I think it's a good best practice. What do you think about adding that to the example?

````suggestion
```js
// https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/issues#create-an-issue
````

});
```

The request is authenticated, retried, and throttled transparently by the `octokit` instance. The `accept` and `user-agent` headers are set as well.

The 1st argument is the REST API route as listed in GitHub's API documentation. The 2nd argument is an object with all parameters, independent of whether they are used in the path, query, or body.

See the standalone [`@octokit/request`](https://github.com/octokit/request.js#readme) module for more details on the `.request()` APIs.

> If you only need the request options, but want to send the actual request using your own method, use `octokit.request.endpoint(route, parameters)`. See the standalone [`@octokit/endpoint`](https://github.com/octokit/endpoint.js#readme) module for more details on the `.endpoint()` APIs.

Author: Didn't follow this but it seems "advanced" and fine for folks to discover reading the more detailed doc. If it is important to have here, then we likely need more supporting text to explain the scenario/use case.

> #### Pagination ([`@octokit/plugin-paginate-rest`](https://github.com/octokit/plugin-paginate-rest.js/#readme))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Pagination
```

> All `octokit.rest.*.list*` endpoints return the first 30 items by default. If you want to retrieve all items, you an use the pagination API.

Author: Does pagination only apply to `rest`? If so, that's a pretty big differentiator that should be called out explicitly here and above to support users deciding which to use.  If not, suggest having two examples, one for `rest` and one for `request` or pointing out that "the `request` form is exactly the same just pass the `request` object to `iterator`)

Reviewer: Yes good idea, let's add two examples.

How about we make it clear in this paragraph that pagination works for both, `the `octokit.rest.*.list*` methods as well as `octokit.request()` for endpoints that paginate, maybe like this?

```suggestion
All REST API endpoints that paginate return the first 30 items by default. If you want to retrieve all items, you an use the pagination API. The pagination API expects the REST API route as first argument, but you can also pass any of the `octokit.rest.*.list*` methods for convenience and better code readability.
```

Then we could add an additional example to the end?

````md
Instead of passing `octokit.rest.issues.listForRepo`, you can pass `"GET /repos/{owner}/{repo}/issues"`, both behave the same way. For example

```js
const issues = await octokit.paginate("GET /repos/{owner}/{repo}/issues", {
  owner: "octocat",
  repo: "hello-world",
  per_page: 100,
});
```
````

Learn more about [Media type formats](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/media-types) and [API previews](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/api-previews).

> ### GraphQL API queries ([`@octokit/graphql`](https://github.com/octokit/graphql.js#readme))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GraphQL API queries
```
